I am at the Eurovision Song Festival final.
That is the stage behind me.
This is the huge B & W Hallerne
which is simply absolutely phenomenal.
Photos, even on television, even with everything they have here
can not describe the enormous size of this place.
The final will take place in less than two hours
on that stage here.
My heart is with the UK, but let's be honest,
it is likely to be Sweden or Austria.
What is interesting.
Because it will not care much this year.
The odds of the gambling agencies go in all directions.
There are many possible winners.
And yes, it is possible that it becomes a draw.
So how does Eurovision decide on a draw?
The first line, if the number of points is the same,
then it is about how many countries the two, or three
or four people at the top gave a number of points.
If that's the same, it's about how many gave them twelve points,
the maximum.
If that matches, then it goes to ten.
And that happened once, in 1991.
But if it keeps going, when it goes after eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one, to the end, as
two countries have exactly the same voice pattern,
it goes to the first in the show.
And there is a reason for that.
It is 10 years since a song in the first half of the Eurovision Song Festival
has actually won.
Ten years.
And in these years, the 16th, 17th and 18th place have won six times.
This is partly because it is not a random draw.
They draw for the first or second half.
But then it's up to the producers: they put the good songs there.
But it is also because,
more people watch the later parts of the show, so more people will vote for these songs.
As for Molly, of the United Kingdom, she is 26th today,
could not be a good place, but, you can hope.
Meanwhile, from the Eurovision Song Festival, and I can not believe I say so,
that is something that you may not have known. See you on television in a few hours.
[Translation: Niels de Groot]